XamarinApp1/README.md, before:

# XamarinApp1

This repository contains a multi-target Xamarin.Forms sample app (XamarinApp1) with projects for Android, iOS, and UWP plus a shared .NET Standard project.

Projects
- `XamarinApp1` (shared .NET Standard project)
- `XamarinApp1.Android` (Android app)
- `XamarinApp1.iOS` (iOS app)
- `XamarinApp1.UWP` (UWP app)

Prerequisites
- Visual Studio 2019 or 2022 with Xamarin and Mobile development workload
- .NET 5 SDK (for any .NET Core tools used by the solution)
- Android SDK / emulators for Android development
- A Mac with Xcode for building and debugging iOS projects (or use Hot Restart where applicable)

Build and run
1. Open the solution in Visual Studio.
2. Select the platform/project you want to run (Android, iOS, or UWP).
3. Restore NuGet packages if prompted.
4. Deploy to an emulator or device from Visual Studio.

Notes
- iOS builds require a Mac build host or remote Mac build agent.
- Target frameworks used in this workspace may include .NET Core 5.0, Xamarin Android/iOS targets, and .NET Standard 2.0 for shared code.

Contributing
- Feel free to open issues and pull requests.

License
- This repository does not include a license file. Add one if you intend to make the project public.

Commit message:

Migrate project from Xamarin.Forms to .NET MAUI
This commit migrates the application from Xamarin.Forms to .NET MAUI, a modern, cross-platform framework for building native mobile and desktop applications. Key changes include:

- Updated namespaces and references to use `Microsoft.Maui`.
- Replaced platform-specific bootstrap code with .NET MAUI equivalents (`MauiAppCompatActivity`, `MauiUIApplicationDelegate`, `MauiProgram`).
- Introduced `MauiProgram.cs` for platform-specific initialization.
- Updated `App.xaml` and `AppShell.xaml` to use .NET MAUI's XAML schema.
- Converted project files to .NET MAUI SDK-style format with multi-targeting.
- Removed legacy Xamarin.Forms and Xamarin.Essentials dependencies.
- Updated platform-specific files (`AndroidManifest.xml`, `Info.plist`, `Package.appxmanifest`) to align with .NET MAUI conventions.
- Consolidated platform-specific resources into a shared project structure.
- Added `MauiProgramExtensions.cs` for shared app configuration.
- Updated app lifecycle and entry points to align with .NET MAUI's model.
- Simplified project structure for better maintainability.

This migration prepares the application for modern development practices and leverages .NET MAUI's cross-platform capabilities.

XamarinApp1/README.md, after:

# XamarinApp1

This repository contains a multi-target .NET MAUI sample app (XamarinApp1) migrated from Xamarin.Forms. It now targets .NET 9 and supports Android, iOS, Windows, and MacCatalyst platforms.

Projects
- `XamarinApp1` (.NET MAUI shared project)
- `XamarinApp1.Android` (Android app)
- `XamarinApp1.iOS` (iOS app)
- `XamarinApp1.UWP` (Windows app)

Prerequisites
- Visual Studio 2022 17.10 or later with .NET MAUI workload
- .NET 9.0 SDK
- Android SDK / emulators for Android development
- A Mac with Xcode for building and debugging iOS projects (or use Hot Restart where applicable)

Build and run
1. Open the solution in Visual Studio.
2. Select the platform/project you want to run (Android, iOS, or Windows).
3. Restore NuGet packages if prompted.
4. Deploy to an emulator or device from Visual Studio.
   
   Or use CLI:
   ```bash
   dotnet restore
   dotnet build
   dotnet run --framework net9.0-android # or net9.0-ios, net9.0-windows10.0.19041.0
   ```

Notes
- iOS builds require a Mac build host or remote Mac build agent.
- Target frameworks now use .NET 9.0 for all supported platforms.
- This project was migrated from Xamarin.Forms to .NET MAUI for modern cross-platform support.

Contributing
- Feel free to open issues and pull requests.

License
- This repository does not include a license file. Add one if you intend to make the project public.
